what's going on the folks this case baby
prospect yeah it's the feeling oh man I
don't know this black because I'm about
to bury my favorite customer with no
sister
the reason why I got you guys is it I
want to congratulate the winners at the
four house ents first-ever giveaway and
we were supposed to randomly select two
names but we randomly selected three
names and the names are give you the
names right quick we got Daniel
Jefferson congratulations Marcus Hicks
congratulations and ball up cp3 who will
be contacting all three of you be a
YouTube message and you know we want to
get this specific to make sure we get
you guys the right shirt right size
right color and for those that
participated and didn't win don't get
upset
this is only our first giveaway so it'd
be plenty more no they might even get
better
heyyo true story so all of us was
hanging out at Neil Bridges crib right
just chillin I may or may not have had a
drink or two I cannot confirm nor deny
but at some point I say to the gang yo
don't neither one of us had nothing to
do today let's go to the park let's get
our hoop on Niels say he got a girl
coming over later
he can't go but tells me I can take his
whip I'm walking into the garage
expecting him to have like a nice who
ride he want us to pile in the Toyota
boys stop
what's going on folks it's Kate Spade
the prospect the big blue Chevy driver
and I'm back today with some more NBA
2k14 on that next-generation console the
ps4 right now and we're at the park now
we're in this 3v3 game if you're looking
you notice you see young bang out you
see Kate Spade you don't see Tyrone
Jones that's a whole nother story but
check this out I get Jerry right but
buddy think we playing a half-court
watch this is funny ever seen
before my life you for the duck oh you
know I cannot get enough to see in that
that is the funniest thing I ever saw
before in my life know the rules before
you go to the park people I'll try to
dunk in the wrong go don't cuz somebody
gonna laugh at you and put you up on
YouTube alright
okay let me try to get this whole thing
right here's the thing y'all if you look
on the left side of the court up there
you see the guy in the burgundy vest we
do it with the Thames on that's Jones
Jones was supposed to be on the team
with us but he like a little kid out of
carnival time he walking around here
looking left he looking right you can't
do that out here it's very it's very
important that you stay with your group
you know we come out here and say yo
Jones they got a 3v3 court open let's
get on it
we get on it some random guy named
Dakota Denver Dallas whatever his name
was
oh I thought that dude was from the cop
that name backhand dunk on us I was
about to be pissed that some random dude
got down with us so you know Jonas is
standing on the side watching greatness
he was saying that he hoped we win cuz
he wanted next but enough of that let me
get him to the actual gameplay right
here ma'am this game right here was kind
of it was kind of hot octane it was a
lot of blocks it was a lot of dunks it
was just a high octane high action game
and I learned right there that you
cannot go back cording 3v3 so I like oh
yo look at little fares look at y'all
bang out with the big Terry block so I
learned two things I learned you cannot
dunk in the wrong goal and you can't
backcourt in 3v3 write that down cuz I
don't want y'all to go out here and get
embarrassed trying to do some of the
stuff this guy was trying to do it won't
work
so early on the gang was tipped for Jack
back and forth and it's extremely to
wait turn a boy on lost his mind
oh and I was filling myself ain't even
gonna lie I got the tarry block man and
my ego was up in the clouds I said was
young bang out throw it up into it I was
like wait a minute I don't throw it that
hard not Neil bridges up I wanted you to
throw it like by the rim he threw it
like I was trying him for something you
see how how that pass went of course I
blamed it on him uncle pants we go at
some point during this game and we were
just going back and forth nobody could
stop anybody or if we made a stop on the
reverse thing of the court they would
make a stop so it was kind of like at
some point something's got to happen I
was feel cool at this point just having
a good time you know talking jump with
Jones and I set this play out right here
man we running like plays I'm running
over to the wing I'm a pump fake I'm
going to the basket and that's
somebody's son out there that's
somebody's son but hey I didn't tell
them to stand right there and then they
come right back and dunk on your boy so
I'm trying to be nice but the niceness
is wearing off it's like a new
relationship you know you get a new
friend or you get a new job and that
love knowing thing they do it don't
really bother you the first week or so
after that you like man shut up the only
one here no more so the new was wearing
off in this game it really is bang out
gets Terry right this but luckily he
gathers his own ball and they're not
watching me I run over you already know
the meatiest money you already know that
they should know it so it's a close game
at this point if I'm not mistaken it
might still be a tie game and I'm
setting them up got bang out sitting
over there chilling on the wing both
feet behind the line you know what that
means it mean it's a two-point Rainmaker
whatever you want to call it all right
in a half-court set man bang out going
to the basket passing it to me and I'm
dumping in to Denver Dakota Dallas
whatever his name is
I refuse to learn his name we get it to
him and he scores now this guy right
here was a defensive liability but he
knew what to do when you gave him the
rock and I can't really complain about
that you know I'm saying so I'm getting
the rebound right here that's something
I don't normally do and
at Denver Dakota Dallas he is out on the
break I find him with the pass he
finishes what do you know I told you
this guy just give him the rock he know
what to do
wait a minute now he got no meat and oh
I'm getting done throwing again at some
point I was fussing at Lapera I was like
yo good joke dude man cuz he be taking
it out on me he tight with you cuz he
tried to dunk in the wrong basket and he
dunking on me so of course young bang
out comes back he want to get it done
you know and at some point I want to be
a part of it too
so look at the score I believe was 15 to
12 at that point and I was turning up I
had told myself that you know I tried to
be nice 9 now I'm gonna take over cuz I
don't want the Ale your new hits worn
off I might ball hog a little bit for
the rest of this game I just want to get
the Doug Jones the sideline hating on us
he was over that sneak dissonance
throwing shots he still was a little
tight because we got any game without
him and a lot of people's asking how you
getting in games with your team or with
your friends and it's kind of lame but
here we go this is what you do you're in
my career and you press the circle
button because this is PlayStation 4
right now so I assumed it to be
what's that be on the Xbox and you bring
up the menu and say it's part you go
ahead and click on it and you stop at
this at the screen that says play and
say something like play Park to play
with friends I'll go to park whatever
stop right there
get your whole team and stop right there
we count it down three two we all click
the same time at one and you'd be
surprised to success rate we're getting
we're really getting a lot of us into
the same Park I'd say about 75 80
percent of the time like it's it's
shocking me how much is working we
shouldn't have to do that but we're
doing it and it's working but anyway
folks that's all I got for this game
right here congratulations again to
those winners are the first full house
entertainment giveaway there'll be more
they'll be bigger they'll be better
folks that's all I got hope you guys
enjoyed it I'm out